“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”	Dr. Seuss	
“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.”	Oscar Wilde	Lady Windermere's Fan
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.”	Anne Frank	Anne Frank's Tales from the Secret Annex
“Promise Yourself<br/><br/>To be so strong that nothing<br/>can disturb your peace of mind.<br/>To talk health, happiness, and prosperity<br/>to every person you meet.<br/><br/>To make all your friends feel<br/>that there is something in them<br/>To look at the sunny side of everything<br/>and make your optimism come true.<br/><br/>To think only the best, to work only for the best,<br/>and to expect only the best.<br/>To be just as enthusiastic about the success of others<br/>as you are about your own.<br/><br/>To forget the mistakes of the past<br/>and press on to the greater achievements of the future.<br/>To wear a cheerful countenance at all times<br/>and give every living creature you meet a smile.<br/><br/>To give so much time to the improvement of yourself<br/>that you have no time to criticize others.<br/>To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,<br/>and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.<br/><br/>To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,<br/>not in loud words but great deeds.<br/>To live in faith that the whole world is on your side<br/>so long as you are true to the best that is in you.”	Christian D. Larson	Your Forces and How to Use Them
“A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.”	Winston S. Churchill	
“There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.”	J.R.R. Tolkien	The Two Towers
“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.”	Victor Hugo	Les Misérables
“Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.”	Marcus Aurelius	Meditations
“What day is it?"<br/>It's today," squeaked Piglet.<br/>My favorite day," said Pooh.”	A.A. Milne	
“We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Acts of Kindness:<br/>A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.”	Mahatma Gandhi	
“Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Believe in Your Heart<br/><br/>Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.”	James Branch Cabell	The Silver Stallion
“Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. <br/>If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses.”	Alphonse Karr	A Tour Round My Garden
“As long as there was coffee in the world, how bad could things be?”	Cassandra Clare	City of Ashes
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.”	Ralph Waldo Emerson	
“Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Keep Going<br/><br/>Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“To shine your brightest light is to be who you truly are.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“I was blind and heart broken and didn't want to do anything and Gus burst into my room and shouted, "I have wonderful news!" And I was like, "I don't really want to hear wonderful news right now," and Gus said, "This is wonderful news you want to hear," and I asked him, "Fine, what is it?" and he said, "You are going to live a good and long life filled with great and terrible moments that you cannot even imagine yet!”	John Green	The Fault in Our Stars
“Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down”	Charlie Chaplin	
“I am so far from being a pessimist...on the contrary, in spite of my scars, I am tickled to death at life.”	Eugene O'Neill	
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You are not rich until you have a rich heart.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:<br/>Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“I am fundamentally an optimist. Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say. Part of being optimistic is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward. There were many dark moments when my faith in humanity was sorely tested, but I would not and could not give myself up to despair. That way lays defeat and death.”	Nelson Mandela	Long Walk to Freedom: Autobiography of Nelson Mandela
“Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It's snowing still," said Eeyore gloomily.<br/>"So it is."<br/>"And freezing."<br/>"Is it?"<br/>"Yes," said Eeyore. "However," he said, brightening up a little, "we haven't had an earthquake lately.”	A.A. Milne	
“Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Do Not Lie to Yourself <br/><br/>We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It’s your life; you don’t need someone’s permission to live the life you want. Be brave to live from your heart.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.<br/>Focus on your character, not your reputation.<br/>Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“TO BE HOPEFUL in bad times is not just foolishly romantic. It is based on the fact that human history is a history not only of cruelty, but also of compassion, sacrifice, courage, kindness.<br/>What we choose to emphasize in this complex history will determine our lives. If we see only the worst, it destroys our capacity to do something. If we remember those times and places—and there are so many—where people have behaved magnificently, this gives us the energy to act, and at least the possibility of sending this spinning top of a world in a different direction.<br/>And if we do act, in however small a way, we don’t have to wait for some grand utopian future. The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.”	Howard Zinn	
“Never stop dreaming, <br/>never stop believing, <br/>never give up, <br/>never stop trying, and <br/>never stop learning.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Kindness is not a business. True kindness expects nothing in return and should never act with conditions.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Life has no remote....get up and change it yourself!”	Mark A. Cooper	(Edelweiss Pirates #1) ‘Operation Einstein'
“Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“For myself I am an optimist - it does not seem to be much use to be anything else.”	Winston S. Churchill	
“We’ll never survive!” <br/>“Nonsense. You’re only saying that because no one ever has.”	William Goldman	The Princess Bride
“You Are the Master of Your Attitude<br/><br/>You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: <br/>Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Live the Life of Your Dreams<br/>When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Sometimes all a person wants is an empathetic ear; all he or she needs is to talk it out. Just offering a listening ear and an understanding heart for his or her suffering can be a big comfort.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You are in charge of your own happiness; you don't need to wait for other people's permission to be happy.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“In this hour, I do not believe that any darkness will endure.”	J.R.R. Tolkien	The Return of the King
“Being grateful does not mean that everything is necessarily good. It just means that you can accept it as a gift.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Choose to be optimistic, it feels better.”	Dalai Lama XIV	
“Write it on your heart<br/>that every day is the best day in the year.<br/>He is rich who owns the day, and no one owns the day<br/>who allows it to be invaded with fret and anxiety.<br/><br/>Finish every day and be done with it.<br/>You have done what you could.<br/>Some blunders and absurdities, no doubt crept in.<br/>Forget them as soon as you can, tomorrow is a new day;<br/>begin it well and serenely, with too high a spirit<br/>to be cumbered with your old nonsense.<br/><br/>This new day is too dear,<br/>with its hopes and invitations,<br/>to waste a moment on the yesterdays.”	Ralph Waldo Emerson	Collected Poems and Translations
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Remember, you cannot be both young and wise. Young people who pretend to be wise to the ways of the world are mostly just cynics. Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it. Because cynics don’t learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us. Cynics always say no. But saying “yes” begins things. Saying “yes” is how things grow. Saying “yes” leads to knowledge. “Yes” is for young people. So for as long as you have the strength to, say “yes'.”	Stephen Colbert	
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Don't Just<br/><br/>Don't just learn, experience.<br/>Don't just read, absorb.<br/>Don't just change, transform.<br/>Don't just relate, advocate.<br/>Don't just promise, prove.<br/>Don't just criticize, encourage.<br/>Don't just think, ponder.<br/>Don't just take, give.<br/>Don't just see, feel.<br/>Don’t just dream, do. <br/>Don't just hear, listen.<br/>Don't just talk, act.<br/>Don't just tell, show.<br/>Don't just exist, live.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“A smart person knows how to talk. A wise person knows when to be silent.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“The longest way must have its close - the gloomiest night will wear on to a morning.”	Harriet Beecher Stowe	Uncle Tom's Cabin
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Look on the bright side," said Simon, "If they need a human sacrifice, you can always offer me. I'm not sure the rest of you qualify anyway.”	Cassandra Clare	City of Ashes
“Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.”	Albert Einstein	
“Be of good cheer. Do not think of today's failures, but of the success that may come tomorrow. You have set yourselves a difficult task, but you will succeed if you persevere; and you will find a joy in overcoming obstacles. Remember, no effort that we make to attain something beautiful is ever lost.”	Helen Keller	
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“The basis of optimism is sheer terror.”	Oscar Wilde	The Picture of Dorian Gray
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“I'd rather be partly great than entirely useless.”	Neal Shusterman	Unwind
“It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“I'm not much but I'm all I have.”	Philip K. Dick	Martian Time-Slip
“Some things cannot be taught; they must be experienced. You never learn the most valuable lessons in life until you go through your own journey.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Learning to distance yourself from all the negativity is one of the greatest lessons to achieve inner peace.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. <br/>Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“there's no harm in hoping for the best as long as you're prepared for the worst.”	Stephen King	Different Seasons
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“What you stay focused on will grow.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Optimism is a strategy for making a better future. Because unless you believe that the future can be better, you are unlikely to step up and take responsibility for making it so.”	Noam Chomsky	
“We are not going to die." <br/><br/>Butters stared up at me, pale, his eyes terrified. "We're not?" <br/><br/>"No. And do you know why?" He shook his head. "Because Thomas is too pretty to die. And because I'm too stubborn to die." I hauled on the shirt even harder. "And most of all because tomorrow is Oktoberfest, Butters, and polka will never die.”	Jim Butcher	Dead Beat
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“It is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, I believe that anything is possible.”	Nicholas Sparks	
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“The universe is a pretty big place. If it's just us, seems like an awful waste of space.”	Carl Sagan	Contact
“Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated. Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone's entire day. Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, and doing as you say you would do.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“A pessimist is a man who thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it.”	George Bernard Shaw	
“To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your Dreams<br/><br/>Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life.<br/><br/>Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Do not let the roles you play in life make you forget who you are.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important <br/><br/>1. Use their name.<br/>2. Express sincere gratitude.<br/>3. Do more listening than talking.<br/>4. Talk more about them than about you.<br/>5. Be authentically interested.<br/>6. Be sincere in your praise.<br/>7. Show you care.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“I meant to write about death, only life came breaking in as usual”	Virginia Woolf	
“Successful people have no fear of failure. But unsuccessful people do. Successful people have the resilience to face up to failure—learn the lessons and adapt from it.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“It doesn't matter how many people you meet in your life; you just need the real ones who accept you for who you are and help you become who you should be.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Things are always better in the morning.”	Harper Lee	To Kill a Mockingbird
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“I'm a pessimist because of intelligence, but an optimist because of will.”	Antonio Gramsci	Gramsci's Prison Letters
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Associate Yourself with People Who Think Positively: <br/>Associate yourself with people who think positively. You cannot surround yourself with negative people and expect positive outcomes.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You will never follow your own inner voice until you clear up the doubts in your mind.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“If you think this Universe is bad, you should see some of the others.”	Philip K. Dick	
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Great Leaders Create More Leaders<br/><br/>Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“By four o'clock, I've discounted suicide in favor of killing everyone else in the entire world instead.”	Warren Ellis	Transmetropolitan, Vol. 3: Year of the Bastard
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“What other people think and say about you is none of your business. The most destructive thing you would ever do is to believe someone else's opinion of you. You have to stop letting other people's opinions control you.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Push your boundaries beyond the ordinary; be that “extra” in “extraordinary.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Pessimists are usually right and optimists are usually wrong but all the great changes have been accomplished by optimists.”	Thomas L. Friedman	
“Change course, but don’t give up.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Optimism," said Cacambo, "What is that?" "Alas!" replied Candide, "It is the obstinacy of maintaining that everything is best when it is worst.”	Voltaire	Candide
“When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.”	Arundhati Roy	
“You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you to make room for something new.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. <br/>Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“We must assume every event has significance and contains a message that pertains to our questions...this especially applies to what we used to call bad things...the challenge is to find the silver lining in every event, no matter how negative.”	James Redfield	The Celestine Prophecy
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“So everything lets us down, including curiosity and honesty and what we love best. Yes, said the voice, but cheer up, it's fun in the end.”	Roberto Bolaño	2666
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“The man who is a pessimist before 48 knows too much; if he is an optimist after it he knows too little.”	Mark Twain	
“My optimism wears heavy boots and is loud.”	Henry Rollins	
“Head up, heart open. To better days!”	T.F. Hodge	From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"
“One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.”	Lucille Ball	
“No misfortune is so bad that whining about it won’t make it worse. (Apr 2007 Gen Conf)”	Jeffrey R. Holland	
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Keep your mind open. The meaning of things lies in how people perceive them. The same thing could mean different meanings to the same people at different times.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“If this is the best of possible worlds, what then are the others?”	Voltaire	Candide
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“But hey, what's life without a little adversity?"<br/>That had to have been the fakest attempt at optimism since my fourth grade teacher tried reasoning that we were better off without the dead kids in our class because it'd mean more turns on the playground swings for the rest of us.”	Alexandra Bracken	The Darkest Minds
“I like to see the glass as half full, hopefully of jack daniels.”	Darynda Jones	First Grave on the Right
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.”	Ashley  Smith	
“In fact no one recognizes the happiest moment of their lives as they are living it. It may well be that, in a moment of joy, one might sincerely believe that they are living that golden instant "now," even having lived such a moment before, but whatever they say, in one part of their hearts they still believe in the certainty of a happier moment to come. Because how could anyone, and particularly anyone who is still young, carry on with the belief that everything could only get worse: If a person is happy enough to think he has reached the happiest moment of his life, he will be hopeful enough to believe his future will be just as beautiful, more so.”	Orhan Pamuk	The Museum of Innocence
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most; you should change your priorities over time.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Expect the best, prepare for the worst.”	Muhammad Ali Jinnah	
“Nobody is exempt from the trials of life, but everyone can always find something positive in everything even in the worst of times.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“When I look at the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes!”	Oprah Winfrey	
“Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional.”	Roger Crawford	
“I am an optimist... I choose to be. There is a lot of darkness in our world, there is a lot of pain and you can choose to see that or you can choose to see the joy. If you try to respond positively to the world, you will spend your time better.”	Tom Hiddleston	
“Joy, not sorrow.<br/>Laughter, not tears.<br/>Life, not death.<br/>Love, not blame.”	Lisa Schroeder	I Heart You, You Haunt Me
“Thou hast seen nothing yet.”	Miguel de Cervantes	Don Quixote
“If you care about someone enough, you’ll always be there for them no matter what.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“I'm no optimist", she said as she opened the cabinet door. " I'm just a realist who smiles too much.”	Tiffany Reisz	The Siren
“I am an optimist. Anyone interested in the future has to be otherwise he would simply shoot himself.”	Arthur C. Clarke	
“Human spirit is the ability to face the uncertainty of the future with curiosity and optimism. It is the belief that problems can be solved, differences resolved. It is a type of confidence. And it is fragile. It can be blackened by fear, and superstition. By the year 2050, when the conflict began, the world had fallen upon fearful, superstitious times.”	Bernard Beckett	Genesis
“It takes no more time to see the good side of life than to see the bad.”	Jimmy Buffett	
“We don’t truly appreciate what we have until it’s gone… We don’t really appreciate something until we have experienced some events; we don't really appreciate our parents until we ourselves have become parents. Be grateful for what you have now, and nothing should be taken for granted.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Another way to be prepared is to think negatively. Yes, I'm a great optimist. but, when trying to make a decision, I often think of the worst case scenario. I call it 'the eaten by wolves factor.' If I do something, what's the most terrible thing that could happen? Would I be eaten by wolves? One thing that makes it possible to be an optimist, is if you have a contingency plan for when all hell breaks loose. There are a lot of things I don't worry about, because I have a plan in place if they do.”	Randy Pausch	The Last Lecture
“Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Never let fear hold you captive. <br/>Never let self-doubt hold you captive. <br/>Never let frustration hold you captive.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. <br/>Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.”	Hugh Downs	
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“One day everything will be well, that is our hope. Everything's fine today, that is our illusion”	Voltaire	
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“If happy I can be I will, if suffer I must I can.”	William Faulkner	Absalom, Absalom!
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Ô, Sunlight! The most precious gold to be found on Earth.”	Roman Payne	
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“God surely did not create us, and cause us to live, with the sole end of wishing always to die. I believe, in my heart, we were intended to prize life and enjoy it, so long as we retain it. Existence never was originally meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me, among the rest.”	Charlotte Brontë	Shirley
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“I will be the first to admit that I am a pessimist by nature. It is, after all, the wisest way to be. We pessimists have everything to gain, whereas optimists have a fifty-fifty chance of being disappointed.”	Tamar Myers	As the World Churns
“I admire those who do good and expect nothing in return.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“The only person worthy of your love is not one who overstayed in the relationship without a single change, but one, who appeared like an angel, and used a single day to make a million change.”	Michael Bassey Johnson	The Infinity Sign
“Be fanatically positive and militantly optimistic. If something is not to your liking, change your liking.”	Rick Steves	
“You don’t always win, but every time you lose, you get better.”	Ian Somerhalder	
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“The most important thing is this: to be able at any moment to be free to choose a life that makes you happy.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Be happy -- if you're not even happy, what's so good about surviving?”	Tom Stoppard	Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead
“Whenever I see an ambulance, I like to think there is a baby being born, rather than a death.”	Phil Lester	
“In the middle of the night, things well up from the past that are not always cause for rejoicing--the unsolved, the painful encounters, the mistakes, the reasons for shame or woe. But all, good or bad, give me food for thought, food to grow on.”	May Sarton	At Seventy: A Journal
“My own idea, for what it is worth, is that all sadness which is not either arising from the repentance of a concrete sin and hastening towards concrete amendment or restitution, or else arising from pity and hastening to active assistance, is simply bad; and I think we all sin by needlessly disobeying the apostolic injunction to 'rejoice' as much as by anything else.<br/><br/>Humility, after the first shock, is a cheerful virtue.”	C.S. Lewis	The Problem of Pain
“I know we're not saints or virgins or lunatics; we know all the lust and lavatory jokes, and most of the dirty people; we can catch buses and count our change and cross the roads and talk real sentences. But our innocence goes awfully deep, and our discreditable secret is that we don't know anything at all, and our horrid inner secret is that we don't care that we don't.”	Dylan Thomas	
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it. Because cynics don’t learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us.”	Stephen Colbert	
“You can't make yourself feel positive, but you can choose how to act, and if you choose right, it builds your confidence.”	Julien Smith	The Flinch
“Keep a light, hopeful heart. But ­expect the worst.”	Joyce Carol Oates	
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“i find nothing more depressing than optimism.”	Paul Fussell	
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“It must be, I thought, one of the race's most persistent and comforting hallucinations to trust that "it can't happen here" -- that one's own time and place is beyond cataclysm.”	John Wyndham	The Day of the Triffids
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Be patient and open-minded in your interactions with others; find the positive attributes that they possess.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“It's hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“forsan et haec olim meminisse iuvabit.<br/>and perhaps it will be pleasing to have remembered these things one day”	Virgil	Eclogues. Georgics. Aeneid: Books 1-6
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Nothing can be more hurtful to your heart than betraying yourself.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Feeling lost, crazy and desperate belongs to a good life as much as optimism, certainty and reason.”	Alain de Botton	
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Have you noticed how nobody ever looks up? Nobody looks at chimneys, or trees against the sky, or the tops of buildings. Everybody just looks down at the pavement or their shoes. The whole world could pass them by and most people wouldn't notice.”	Julie Andrews Edwards	The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles
“Once time is lit, it will burn whether or not you're breathing it in. Even after smoke becomes air, there is the memory of smoke. I am seeing as if by the light of a match, a glimpse of my life and having it feel right.”	David Levithan	The Realm of Possibility
“I am, and always will be, the optimist. The hoper of far-flung hopes, and the dreamer of improbable dreams.”	Eleventh Doctor	
“Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.”	Louis D. Brandeis	
“Relax. They're not going to kill us. They're going to TRY and kill us. And that is a very different thing.”	Steve Voake	The Dreamwalker's Child
“Well, you can go on looking forward," said Gandalf. "There may be many unexpected feasts ahead of you.”	J.R.R. Tolkien	The Fellowship of the Ring
“Stay away from conflictive, negative people that pull you down, because they contaminate your energy and impede your progress. Search for people who look at the world with optimism, that inspire you, make you happy and provide peace of mind.”	Pablo	
“Sometimes a pessimist is only an optimist with extra information.”	Idries Shah	Reflections
“I wanted color. I wanted to soar with happiness even if it meant dealing with the weight of fear and guilt, too. I wanted to live.”	Heather Anastasiu	Glitch
“Just when normal life felt almost possible - when the world held some kind of order, meaning, even loveliness (the prismatic spray of light through an icicle; the stillness of a sunrise), some small thing would go awry and the veil of optimism was torn away, the barren world revealed. They learned, somehow, to wait those times out. There was no cure, no answer, no reparation.”	David Wroblewski	The Story of Edgar Sawtelle
“No man ever threw away life while it was worth keeping.”	David Hume	Essays on Suicide and the Immortality of the Soul
“People who are too optimistic seem annoying. This is an unfortunate misinterpretation of what an optimist really is.<br/><br/>An <i>optimist</i> is neither naive, nor blind to the facts, nor in denial of grim reality. An optimist believes in the <i>optimal</i> usage of all options available, no matter how limited. As such, an optimist always sees the big picture. How else to keep track of all that’s out there? An optimist is simply a proactive realist.<br/><br/>An idealist focuses only on the best aspects of all things (sometimes in detriment to reality); an optimist strives to find an effective solution. A pessimist sees limited or no choices in dark times; an optimist <i>makes</i> choices.<br/><br/>When bobbing for apples, an idealist endlessly reaches for the best apple, a pessimist settles for the first one within reach, while an optimist drains the barrel, fishes out all the apples and makes pie.<br/><br/>Annoying? Yes. But, oh-so tasty!”	Vera Nazarian	The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration
“Nobody knows how things will turn out, that's why they go ahead and play the game...You give it your all and sometimes amazing things happen, but it's hardly ever what you expect.”	Gennifer Choldenko	Al Capone Does My Shirts
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“London is satisfied, Paris is resigned, but New York is always hopeful. Always it believes that something good is about to come off, and it must hurry to meet it.”	Dorothy Parker	
“You have to open up to the world and learn optimism...Contentment with the past, happiness with the present, and hope for the future. Learned optimisim.”	Jennifer Crusie	Agnes and the Hitman
“Too many people are too busy making a living to make a life.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“A monkey glances up and sees a banana, and that's as far as he looks. A visionary looks up and sees the moon.”	Eoin Colfer	Airman
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. <br/>Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.<br/><br/>If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”	Roy T. Bennett	The Light in the Heart
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“You have this ability to find beauty in weird places.”	Kamila Shamsie	Kartography
“Always something new, always something I didn't expect, and sometimes it isn't horrible.”	Robert Jordan	The Great Hunt
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“The beginning is always NOW.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“We can become inspired to shape a higher, more ideal future, and when we do, miracles happen.”	James Redfield	The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Remember, you see in any situation what you expect to see.”	David J. Schwartz	
“Perpetual Optimism is a Force Multiplier.”	Colin Powell	
“You predicted quick victory. Now it’s going to get hopelessly complicated. Jesus, don’t you know any better than that by now?”	Jim Butcher	Proven Guilty
“If I can't joke about imminent death, then I might as well just resign.”	James A. Owen	The Search for the Red Dragon
“The closed mind is a disease. You need to have an open mind; otherwise life will just pass you by.”	Danny Wallace	
“Where There is a will<br/>there is a will<br/>to search and discover <br/>a better day<br/><br/>Where a positive heart<br/>is all you need<br/>to rise beyond<br/>and succeed<br/><br/>Where young minds grow <br/>and respect each other <br/>based on their deeds<br/>and not their color<br/><br/>when times are dim<br/>say as I say<br/>"Where there's a will<br/>there's a way!”	Tupac Shakur	The Rose That Grew from Concrete
“I'm no longer quite sure what the question is, but I do know that the answer is Yes.”	Leonard Bernstein	The Unanswered Question: Six Talks at Harvard (Charles Eliot Norton Lectures)
“I was saying yes because when you're in love, the world is full of possibilities, and when you're in love, you want to take every single one of them.”	Danny Wallace	
“The spirit of the gospel is optimistic; it trusts in God and looks on the bright side of things. The opposite or pessimistic spirit drags men down and away from God, looks on the dark side, murmurs, complains, and is slow to yield obedience.”	Orson F. Whitney	
“You may exist in<br/>this world--but I exist too<br/>and I will not yield”	Matthew Quick	Sorta Like a Rock Star
“And you? Did you find the doorknob?”<br/>Hadrian picked up a jug and downed several swallows, drinking so quickly some of the water dripped down his chin. He poured some in his palm and rinsed his face, running his fingers through his hair.<br/>“I didn’t even get close enough to see a door.”<br/>“Well, look on the bright side”—Hadrian smiled—“at least you weren’t captured and condemned to death this time.”<br/>“That’s the bright side?”<br/>“What can I say? I’m a glass-half-full kinda guy.”	Michael J. Sullivan	Theft of Swords
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”	Roy T. Bennett	
“Such is the influence which the condition of our own thoughts, exercises, even over the appearance of external objects. Men who look on nature, and their fellow-men, and cry that all is dark and gloomy, are in the right; but the sombre colours are reflections from their own jaundiced eyes and hearts. The real hues are delicate, and need a clearer vision.”	Charles Dickens	Oliver Twist
“It is difficult to write a paradiso when all the superficial indications are that you ought to write an apocalypse.”	Ezra Pound	
“The optimist lives on the peninsula of infinite possibilities; the pessimist is stranded on the island of perpetual indecision.”	William Arthur Ward	
“What a pessimist you are!" exclaimed Candide.<br/>"That is because I know what life is," said Martin.”	Voltaire	Candide
“When asked if I am pessimistic or optimistic about the future, my answer is always the same: if you look at the science about what is happening on earth and aren't pessimistic, you don't understand the data. But if you meet the people who are working to restore this earth and the lives of the poor, and you aren't optimistic, you haven't got a pulse.”	Martin Keogh	Hope Beneath Our Feet: Restoring Our Place in the Natural World
“Optimism hopes for the best without any guarantee of its arriving and is often no more than whistling in the dark. Christian hope, by contrast, is faith looking ahead to the fulfillment of the promises of God, as when the Anglican burial service inters the corpse 'in sure and certain hope of the Resurrection to eternal life, through our Lord Jesus Christ.' Optimism is a wish without warrant; Christian hope is a certainty, guaranteed by God himself. Optimism reflects ignorance as to whether good things will ever actually come. Christian hope expresses knowledge that every day of his life, and every moment beyond it, the believer can say with truth, on the basis of God's own commitment, that the best is yet to come.”	J.I. Packer	
“A word about my personal philosophy. It is anchored in optimism. It must be, for optimism brings with it hope, a future with a purpose, and therefore, a will to fight for a better world. Without this optimism, there is no reason to carry on. If we think of the struggle as aclimb up a mountain, then we must visualize a mountain with no top. We see a top, but when we finall yreach it, the overcast rises and we find ourselves merely on a bluff. The mountain continues on up. Now we see the "real" top ahead of us, and strive for it, only to find we've reached another bluff, the top still above us. And so it goes on, interminably.<br/>Knowing that the mountain has no top, that it is a perpetual quest from plateau to plateau, the question arises, "Why the struggle, the conflict, the heartbreak, the danger, the sacrifice. Why the constant climb?" Our answer is the same as that which a real mountain climber gives when he is asked why he does what he does. "Because it's there." Because life is there ahead of you and either one tests oneself in its challenges or huddles in the valleys of a dreamless day-to-day existence whose only purpose is the preservation of a illusory security and safety. The latter is what the vast majority of people choose to do, fearing the adventure into the known. Paradocically, they give up the dream of what may lie ahead on the heighs of tomorrow for a perpetual nightmare - an endless succession of days fearing the loss of a tenuous security.”	Saul D. Alinsky	Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radicals
“But always, to her, red and green cabbages were to be jade and burgundy, chrysoprase and prophyry. Life has no weapons against a woman like that.”	Edna Ferber	
“Do not think that one has to be sad in order to be militant, even though the thing one is fighting is abominable.”	Michel Foucault	Anti-Oedipus: Capitalism and Schizophrenia
“In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning”	Carl Sandburg	
“The worst thing in life is having parents that always stand against you and never with you. They discourage you, instill fear in you, hold you back, push you down and never encourage you to fly forward. When I have kids, they'll already be born with propellers with added wings. Even if one tells me they want to go learn how to ride lions in Africa, if their heart is driving that desire, I'd say "DO IT".<br/><br/>If we throw blankets over our children's dreams, we darken their world and extinguish their desire to live. I'd rather my kid die with a wild fire in his/her heart than with a malfunctioning or drained out fuse. Always allow your kids to keep humming with dreams and ideas that fuel their passions. Never tell them something is impossible. If you have a really strong determined kid, they'll go out there killing themselves trying to do the unachievable just to prove you wrong. And if you have a weak kid, they'll give up on life and settle for bagging Cokes and potato chips at your local grocery store.”	Suzy Kassem	Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem
“I'm so alive.<br/><br/>As I stand facing the beauty of the never-ending Pacific Ocean, a late afternoon breeze blows down from the hills behind. As always, it is a beautiful day. The sun is making its final descent. The magic is about to begin. The skies are ready to burn with brilliance, as it turns from a soft blue to a bright orange. Looking towards the West, I stare in awe at the hypnotic power of the waves. A giant curl begins to take form, then breaks with a thundering clap as it crashes on the shore.”	Dave Pelzer	A Child Called "It"
“I see the glass half full and thank God for what I have.”	Ana Monnar	
